Update documentation about GA Enhanced Ecommerce (#94)
vtex-apps/slider-layout: docs/README.md

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/27777263/70230361-e839db00-1736-11ea-9f29-7c945c10a5f7.png)

>*In order to use the Slider Layout as a substitute to the [Carousel app](https://github.com/vtex-apps/carousel), check out the [Building a Carousel through lists and Slider Layout](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-io-documentation-building-a-carousel-using-slider-layout) documentation.*

## Integration with Google Analytics Enhanced Ecommerce

> Slider layout also gives you the possibility to integrate your component with the [Google Analytics Enhanced Ecommerce feature](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/ua/gtm/enhanced-ecommerce). With this integration, you will be able to set up your promotion’s ID, name, and position on the [Site Editor](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/site-editor-overview--299Dbeb9mFczUTyNQ9xPe1) to be shown on a Google Analytics dashboard. To do so, you must go to your store’s Admin, click **Store Setup > CMS > Site Editor** and open the image configurations of the internal promotion you want to track.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slider layout also gives you the possibility to integrate your component with the [Google Analytics Enhanced Ecommerce feature](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/ua/gtm/enhanced-ecommerce). With this integration, you will be able to set up your promotion’s ID, name, and position on the [Site Editor](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/site-editor-overview--299Dbeb9mFczUTyNQ9xPe1) to be shown on a Google Analytics dashboard.

To do so, you must go to your store’s Admin, click `Store Setup` > `CMS` > `Site Editor` and open the image configurations of the internal promotion you want to track. These configurations are displayed on the right side of the page.
```

Reviewer: Se não me engano usamos negrito pra elementos da UI, mas formatação em trecho de código (``) para botões. Vale conferir nas nossas editorial guidelines.

Reviewer: Sugiro a última frase localizando as configurações na tela porque a imagem  não mostra a tela inteira. É só um detalhe, mas acho que ajuda a pessoa a se situar.

Author: > 

Dei uma conferida e, para esses casos com angle brackets, é com negrito mesmo

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32786712/188009083-b1a1eca3-9f59-4186-80bf-bb49e99dc364.png)

> For more information about managing your page content, access [Managing page and template content](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/managing-page-and-template-content--3tMbx6HXy4Fy5r9EhboG37).

> With everything set up, Google Analytics is now able to track your internal promotions and generate a full report of its views, clicks, click-through rate, conversions, and revenue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With everything set up, Google Analytics is now able to track your internal promotions and generate reports of its views, clicks, click-through rate, conversions, and revenue. 
```

Reviewer: Sugestão mínima, só pra deixar mais generalista, pq imagino que dá pra montar inúmeros relatórios com essas informações no GA.
